Add 'troubleshooting' doc to ALMA (#2050)
astropy/astroquery: docs/alma/alma.rst

There are some nice examples of using the ALMA query tool in conjunction with other astroquery
tools in :doc:`../gallery`, especially :ref:`gallery-almaskyview`.

Troubleshooting
===============

> If you encounter issues with the astroquery.alma module, please submit a ticket
> to the ALMA helpdesk (https://help.almascience.org/).
> 
> If you are certain the issue is within astroquery itself, please file an issue
> on https://github.com/astropy/astroquery/issues and tag it 'alma'.  If you are
> uncertain, you should default to the ALMA helpdesk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you encounter issues with the ``astroquery.alma`` module, please submit a ticket
to the ALMA helpdesk (https://help.almascience.org/).

If you are certain the issue is within astroquery itself, please file an issue
on the usual GitHub page https://github.com/astropy/astroquery/issues.  If you are
uncertain, you should follow the archive's policy and default to the ALMA helpdesk.
```

Reviewer: Minor reword: users cannot tag issues.
